hello everyone welcome to a new week
today it is five days until exams
I repeat five days panic stations
everyone panic I'm just outside taking a
brief revision break the beauty of our
current accommodation is that we have
balconies oh this has been a very brief
revision right actually I've got some
friends here too
just enjoying the Sun really I should go
back and study soon I'm going to get
progressively stressed throughout the
week just a warning yeah this is this is
me when exams are approaching I'm going
to be a mess on Friday I'm going to try
hold it together so you know it's going
to be entertaining at least so give the
video a like for that entertainment and
yeah hello guys this is how I'm
literally doing anything and everything
to just stop working I'm just sitting on
my desk like it's kind of going in and I
think I'm getting somewhere I need to do
some more questions in a minute I'm
still making flashcards and writing it
out kind of makes it go in and then I
use them just before the exams I find
them really helpful I'm not panicking
which is good I'm quite shocked I'm not
panicking at this point I thought I
would be it's called past three now so
I've done like an hour and a half's work
since my lunch break and I'm going to do
about two hours and 15 minutes from now
until dinner and then dinner will be a
barbecue this evening because obviously
Jesus can't do a barbecue every Monday
I'm not too keen on the barbecue guys I
used to think it was great but now I've
realized the portion sizes are so much
smaller when it's a barbecue also I just
prefer food that we get like in CAF like
normally the barbecue is just a menu
with less choice on I'm complaining but
in general CAF is very good you should
have seen the salted caramel chocolate
brownie I had yesterday anyway we have
some water keep going keep going through
stop procrastinating I don't know if you
can tell but really the
reason and filming this floor clip is
because I'm procrastinating and I need
to stop that so let's get back to work
[Music]
hey everyone so I've had barbeque this
evening actually the food was okay this
evening I had a mushroom and couscous
thing and pasta and chips
Feenie brave fool just had a chocolate
bar as well a little bit naughty and and
now I'm back to work I've got my exam
questions up on my computer again yeah I
just need to do another maybe three
hours of work this evening and then I'll
call it a night I think and then I'll
get a good night's sleep ready to repeat
it or tomorrow can you see my excitement
to start working my room do seem to have
acquired a can card so as I was just
saying my friends just knocked on my
door because obviously they're like
chatting socializing this evening well
I'm still working and I know as soon as
I opened my door
I'll start chatting it happens every
time I need to get work done this
evening so we can't be having that I'm a
few to open my door then we had a can
card which is like the key card to our
rooms slid under my door in an attempt
to get me to open the door to give them
their camp cot back now I wasn't having
that I said I charge 10 pound per
Concorde guess what I've made a tenner
this is great business I'm not sure my
room working it's fab I'm just finishing
up I'm probably good do like maybe half
an hour more this evening and then call
it a day good morning everyone it's a
new day new day of revision the goal
today is to be an expert in quantum
mechanics by the end of the day we're
starting off from quite a low base I'm
not gonna lie to guys my exam for this
one is yes in the four days time it is
my first exam some say I may have left
it a bit late I think it's just you know
I'm backing myself I think I can learn
it all today you know I'm excited
quantum is exciting stuff it's an
interesting topic so I'm gonna have a
really fun day the sun is shining
outside look at that glow from the wind
it's an all-around good day to day hey
everyone I'm at my desk and can you hear
that racket in the background like
literally I don't know what they're
doing out there something with trees
chopping trees shredding trees who knows
but it's making the biggest racket and
I'm like why why'd you time it like this
like it's a really sunny day so I cannot
close my window like literally I would
die of heat and I want so much work so I
need to concentrate but I've got this
racket going on why the students have
all got very stressful exams coming up
why do they do this oh it stopped for a
minute maybe they heard me
I mean I'm gonna make the most of this
quietness while it lasts
probably all of two minutes and get
working properly
[Music]
it's an hour or so later unlike I don't
know if you can hear that but it's such
a joke I don't want to track all the way
over to the library the library is
packed at the moment and I've decided to
face myself in my room at the minute
just because all my notes are here and
I'm kind of like switching around
between topics and it's just easier to
be based here and have to lug a ton of
massive files with me to the library and
yet also the library is really really
busy and it gets so so stuffy because
there's so many people in there so I
decided the library wasn't the place to
be but now I'm thinking it very much
would be if this goes on all day I'm not
gonna be happy hello everyone so I am
taking a break it is lunchtime and I'm
gonna go to Sainsbury's to get food cuz
I literally have no food all my bread is
gone all my sandwich filling is gone I
have nothing also exams are coming up
and as I've mentioned before we have a
college family system here where you
have a call it's children who are in the
year below you so it's now the end of
the year and what colors children have
all seemed to have had quite a good
first year at Jesus College which is
good but also their first ever
University exams are coming up and I
know I was absolutely terrified last
year I thought I was gonna fail I'm
gonna go buy them some gifts something
nice to eat to put in their pigeon holes
and write them a little encouraging note
wishing them luck for exams and it'll be
quite nice you know just looking out for
the children I'm gonna get going
I'm at it again making eggs okay peeps
I'm leaving the study station once again
I have literally just been sitting here
all afternoon and I'm going to calf it's
dinner time food is needed more fuel
before the study session resumes
I've got posguys exciting says good luck
you could do it from my mum and dad hey
cool so I've just dropped off presents
for my college children or when I say
presents I just mean chocolate in their
pigeonhole so hopefully that gives them
a little pick-me-up and just kind of
wish them luck in exams I've also been
chatting with my friends in the kitchen
downstairs and we all ate cookies
because I bought cookies for a saw when
I was in Sainsbury's earlier and now I
don't really have any excuse but to like
start working again there's nothing I
can do now that needs doing other than
getting work done I might just ring my
parents actually you know to thank them
for the good luck card I want to ask my
sister how her first a level exam went
because she had her first a level exam
today and then I'll get working okay I'm
going to bed I'm tired I feel like I get
to the end of the day and I'm
dissatisfied with how much work I've
done I'm like should have done more koop
done more but like I just don't want to
like run myself down you know there's a
reasonable amount of work and I know I'm
doing a reasonable amount I was feel
guilty every time I still working at the
moment but we've got to allow time for
sleep we got to allow time for breaks
I'm gonna go get a good night's sleep
hopefully better than last night like I
had such a bad sleep last night because
our curtains don't block the sunlight
that well when the Sun rises in the
mornings because the windows here is so
big as well the room it literally lights
up and wakes you up at like five o'clock
in the morning yes what's wanted I'm
going for a run tomorrow morning morning
everyone
sunny day we're going for a run dressed
about to head off not good take my phone
because we all know I'll drop it at some
point on the run but I'll see you when I
get back
[Music]
hey peeps serve had lunch it was a
really good lunch I had chocolate fudge
brownie dessert thing and roast dinner
which is one of my favorite meals I of
course a revision class this afternoon
for two hours but it's in West Cambridge
so I'm gonna have to leave about 15 20
minutes beforehand so I get there on
time
then it would take about 15 minutes to
cycle back so it's actually gonna take
about two and a half hours out of my
time today hopefully it's worth it
that's why I had a big meal at lunchtime
today because I'm gonna be not in
college over dinnertime cuz my revision
class is 5 to 7 and then I'm coming back
from my revision class I've got time for
a very quick bite to eat and then I'm
gonna meet up with all my friends who
are all taking the same modules as me
and we're going to talk through one of
the past papers and kind of compare
answers and stuff because for this
particular module we don't have access
to any worked answers and it's a
struggle you're like oh well I've done
this question who knows if I've done it
right or not but the thinking is with
all six of us putting our minds together
we should be able to reach the right
answer I'm feeling okay
this morning was kind of productive but
like I still feel like I'm not moving at
a fast enough pace and like I've got
three days to go to the exams in fact in
three days time I will be waiting to go
into the exam that's terrifying
and I'm not even revising for that
particular exam right now cuz I'm
revising for another exam that I've got
a few days later but it's fine I'm not
stressing
maybe the cycle ride will be good to get
some fresh air this afternoon good
evening today has been a good day it's
late now I'm definitely going to bed
it's about to be two days until exams it
feels like yesterday I had 40 days to
the exams and I'm down to two where has
time gone time is literally going so
fast
hey everyone so the other day we had
them chopping down trees outside today
we've got them jet washing the tennis
courts which is making another huge
racket like why do they do this
so I've shut my window cuz that doesn't
prove it so it's not as loud but it's
also really really hot I'm having a
panic I was going to do maths today but
I'm still feeling like I'm really not
ready for my exam
two days time which I was just gonna
revise for tomorrow because I've already
done revision for it but I just feel
like the revision I've already done it's
not enough but then I know that my math
papers and my other physics papers are
gonna come up really quickly afterwards
so as to know what to do it's going to
try and work efficiently and get as much
done as possible hey guys I'm just
having lunch and then I'm gonna go out I
need to go to the shops to get shampoo
and shaving foam because I forgot to get
them the other day and also I'm gonna go
vote woo because is the EU elections
today okay so I've just voted in the EU
elections and now I'm going to the shops
it's a bit of a quick break but I'm
enjoying the nice weather
we've got this Tim you comment it was
sent to the mirror you got this enough
times you will have look hey blog so we
are outside and just had calf dinner had
spaghetti bolognaise without the
spaghetti like spaghetti
those applied flies keep attacking me at
the moment the plan is to take a bit
longer on a break from work and then do
a load of work this evening hey guys I'm
feeling more positive this evening
basically today I was supposed to revise
maths and then I had a big panic this
morning and I was like wait I don't know
any of my physics yet and like I've got
my physics exam on Saturday I know I've
got my math exam a few days later and
like the exams just come one after the
other I've got about six exams in the
space for a week as you know it's five
exams in a space of a week but that's
quite a lot quite intense I can't stop
myself from just focusing on the first
one like I want to get onto off to a
good start I may have just revised
physics instead of master day I may come
to regret that later in the week when
we're deep into exams but for now I feel
better I feel like I know my physics
better and I've got the whole of
tomorrow to probable it's past papers
and I'm gonna make a return to the
library I just know if I get there nice
and early bash out a couple of past
papers tomorrow mark them and just tie
up any other loose ends I think that
would be good final preparation I'm
actually thinking I'm more prepared than
I was last year because last year they
were passing the lecture course which I
just didn't even look over at all before
exams at least I've looked over
everything so I should have some vague
recollection of every part of the
lecture course I mean I'm not the most
confident ever but I'm just starting to
feel like hey for the exam on Saturday I
think I can do a K I'm not even asking
to do amazingly I just want to do
average if I could just be average here
that is quite an achievement morning
everyone so I'm just off to the library
I'm not there for 9 o'clock as I had
hoped but I'm still getting there pretty
early so that's good I'm gonna do a pass
paper see you guys at lunch time so I
success
we did my three our past paper this
morning it was okay actually I thought
it was fine I mean I have it marked it
yet so I might mark it and think
actually I got everything wrong but I
think I was okay managed to answer
everything reasonable questions gonna
review this afternoon then do another
pass paper starting maybe an hour's time
to 15 ish then I thought I was going
calculus evening had some terrible news
cafes cancelled something I have to cook
it's just it's not the day for it but
it's fine I'll probably manage some
pasta stay in stress-free you know one
day till exams that's fine
yes hello everyone it is the evening
typically today obviously I went to the
library in the morning apparently it was
really really quiet around the building
this morning because obviously the last
few days we've had them chopping down
trees we've had them jet washing the
tennis courts it's just been a racket
outside but of course the day that I
don't study in my room quiet all this
peace and quiet what's all that about
but they've just put in a basketball
hoop as well outside which I don't think
I'm too happy about because this
afternoon people just kept bouncing
balls and chucking balls into this hoop
and you know it like bashes off the
backboard that was making a lot of noise
but I think I'm getting really really
touchy at the moment just because you
know exams irritable stressed that's me
I would like my room to be a quiet place
but I don't think it's ever gonna be
completely quiet and if I won that I'm
gonna have to go to the library hi
everyone so I'm feeling like nowhere
near ready for this exam but to be
honest I think would ever feel ready so
it's just the classic exam feeling isn't
it I'm just so so scared hopefully it
goes okay is there any second year I
don't know second year does matter like
it counts towards your degree but people
don't tend to quote their second your
grade in the future but like all I can
do is do my best
that is the mindset I need to go into
this exam with I've worked hard yes
there are gonna be some people who this
comes easier to there's probably people
who this doesn't come as easily to but
it doesn't matter what everyone else is
doing it just matters what I'm doing I
am gonna kind of see how my short-term
memory does tomorrow morning with a bit
of cramming but aside from that we're
just gonna head off to the exam get it
done then focus on the next one not
going to get upset if it
badly I'm 20 years old I can pull myself
together if it goes badly whatever so
thank you for joining me this week
do you like to subscribe okay I'm gonna
leave you I'm gonna go to bed see you
soon bye
[Music]